{"time":"06 Apr 2012 13:10","tag":"Topics in MS in US universities - Profile Evaluation for Spring & Fall 2013 (1/106) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"5637","replies":12,"head":"MS or not","ans":["Hello shiva, I can totally understand what you must be going through in the dilemna of pursuing master studies or not. Well I would say you should first make a mind about what you want to do in your life. Ruling out MS does not really mean you have found your path. But ya, if your family/dad can support your education in the states, I would suggest you should go for it. Because apart from the life and the thrill you might enjoy there, the quality of education, and the discipline is much higher, and for all you know, you might just develop a very strong interest in something you study, or with someone around. And by what i've heard the profs support a lot, so developing an interest would not be really hard. And in the end, you will get a nice internship, where you'll learn what the companies require, and then be good at it. You dont need to be very skilled at everything in your curriculum. A dedicated interest, and a drive for engineered solutions is all you need. And some sort of constant inspiration. Mards really do not matter, to an engineer, the desire for pushing things ahead is more important. (like here at stupidsid we call it 'iphone effect'...where if something can be made better, we don't say its bad, but we say, 'iphone nahi bana ab tak' And the talented are talented because they have realised it and work at it constantly. For you I guess, you should find a serious interest in something, and pursue it. Masters in the states, is a good option if you want to get a nice high paying job. And about the glitz and the glamour, talk to more people, get to know the life in depth...there are always 2 sides to a coin. Find out about both of them, and then take a decision. I have known people, who find America very unsociable, and solitary. Far from friends and parents. Anyway, that could be a special case. Hope I answered you. Good Luck.","i have the same confusion. even i am not much interested in electronics and telecom. i find mannagement interesting. bt then i dont knw whether my interest in management will be with me forever. i have heard about some course in MS related to management. how would that be for a guy like me. or mba from some nice univ will b a better option for me..???","Hello Vipul, Now that you have a similar doubt, I will also have a similar answer, right. But one thing I would like to add is that you should not think whether interest would remain or not, everyday you should do things to cultivate an interest, and the keep at it. Otherwise you yourself will be unhappy by the end of the day. And if you're just looking for a career in making money, that also should keep you going...!! And there are MIS courses in American universities, but I guess, a dedicated effort towards making it into the good Indian institutes will also take you ahead of others. But decide first if its going to be a career in making money, or a career in doing things with interest.","T","See, you might just be under estimating yourself by calling yourself an average student. I would say syllabuses are decided based on the amount of knowledge you need on some subject, before you can actually start working deeper. So I dont see any issue with the syllabus. Again with discipline and keen interest, I think you can do it, after all its just an extension to your undergraduate studies. And doing masters, makes it obvious (at least on paper) that you want to willingly dive deeper into the subject.","I feel that this is the case with many students aspiring for a MS. So for the benefit of all i request seniors like Jinesh bagadia, Shubham, Siddharth, etc to post their current USA experience, USA lifestyle, the glamour quotient and their daily schedule. Thank You","Hi Gaurav I really wish we could give you some firsthand experience, but as things stand, we're just co-founders of Stupidsid, and thus have to be based right here in India. There are, however, many other seniors who keep visiting the forum once in a while, so hopefully they could shed some light. In the meantime, you should read the reviews of the various universities here www.stupidsid.com/index.php?option=com_c...le&id=696&Itemid=340 It'll give you a small idea of what life there might be like.","hey...... i m doing BE in Electronics n Telecommunication...........which stream i can select for MS.........................bcoz i hav seen that there is no such stream in MS colleges....plzz help...!!!","Hi PPL, My gre score is VER- 155 and quant 150 . I have completed my Engg with an avg 7.9/10 in civil engineering I have an irrelevant work ex of 1.5 yrs in Wipro as i had to move out of my core due to personal commitments and join IT industry which was campus placed. Now that i have lost two yrs of my life doing nothing in my core field, i really want to roll back to my core and do masters in CIVIL ENGG in the US. i have heard its a little hard to get a decent civil engg job after MS in the US as ive heard they prefer localites who are well versed with american standard codes for construction,WE INDIANS would have learnt INDIAN STANDARD CODES for const durin ENGG here and we will have to start afresh in the US to learn the american standard codes, but i see the US as the land of opportunities and want to go there and try my heart out for completing my MS and look for a job. I see this decision as a leap for my 2 yrs setback(atleast half of that time) which i spent in IT industry. Kindly help me in letting me know if my decision is well made persuing MS in the states. I am financially fine for the course too now. And also help me in letting me know some decent univ for my profile where i cud find some funding and assistantships. pls help me as ur suggestions will help me a lot.","hello, Myself akshay and I've just completed my BE in Bio-Medical Engineering from MU. I'm in a dilemma because of my aggregate which would be around 57-58 (awaiting 8th semester result) but i have a strong desire of doing MS. Will my aggregate act as hindrance in my plans? Or can i still compensate for it by scoring well in GRE/TOEFL/IELTS? Is it actually late to be thinking about MS now? Please, i request you to guide me. Thank you in advance.","Dear Applicant (Mr. Akshay), Good day and wishing you the best toward your higher studies abroad. Now we all know that the demand for admissions to the universities abroad (Graduate School - PG) is much higher than the capacity that they can handle. This means for every seat they have, there would be multiple applicants applying for it. So, with this kind of business cushion the universities have (had it for a long time), why would they select someone with a lower academic score, especially when they get applicants from the same continent with higher scores regardless of the test scores? So, my suggestion to you would be to write directly to these institutions (at one of them, probably the one with the least of the toughest criteria) and find out if these academic scores are adequate to admit you. If the least of the toughest doesn't admit you, then there is a likely chance that the rest could do so and all you would do is end up losing your application fee each time unless you can defer the application pending admission success. With a score like that these days, I would caution that you would face undue pressure in the US institutions unless you find ways to radically change your strategy to do well in institutions located in India. This is not meant to state that you cannot succeed in the US (you possibly could as I am not sure of the reasons for your lower academic scores) and just need the time to revisit your actions and study habits so that you shine at a higher level where the demands are going to be much more competitive. Hope this helps. By the way I did coach a student with a II class degree from an institution in India and he succeeded through the system, however, needed intense coaching and great change in attitude to become successful. He took a job in the US and immigrated successfully and later on decided to run a very successful business in India and is very happy with his achievements over the years. Good luck and never give up on your dreams!"],"ques":"Hey guys, I have a big confusion that I've been thinking about over the year"}
