{"time":"06 Nov 2013 23:42","tag":"Topics in Letters of Recommendation (1/1) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"795","replies":6,"head":"Signed LOR","ans":["1. Signatured is preferred and considered. 2. It should be on letterhead.","I dont think the question of letterhead arises when you send an online reco..i think it is for students who are sending paper recos...my question was whether the pdf to be uploaded online has to be signed and scanned or just uploaded simply(only for online recos)","Here is a scenario: I will write a LOR for you on blank sheet. U scan it and upload. Will it be fine?? I don't think so! What is the guarantee that it is a from your professor?? It has to be on a letter head whether u upload online or send a hard copy. And, anything which is said to be valid should have a signature. So is for LOR. Hope I am clear. Thank you.","if you have provided your institute email ID of your professor, eg: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. , then you can upload a simple PDF file(converted directly from your word file without letterhead or signature). make sure its PDF since you cant be sure what version of word they have and you really dont want your well formatted documents to appear a mess there! PDF makes sure its non-editable and well formatted! if you have provided your professors gmail or yahoo ID (Some universities dont allow a non edu ID...if your institute doesnt provide ID then better mail the uni asking for permission to use gmail ID) then you should get it printed on the letter head, get it signed, scan it, convert the image to PDF and then upload...that would serve as proof of authenticity","Thank you Sagar!...i have provided an institute email id of all my recommenders so now I dont think a plain pdf would be a problem...thanks again for clearing my doubt"],"ques":"My recommendations are all being written by professors who have taught me. Unfortunately, I have completed my Btech and won't be returning to the university. Is it necessary to upload a pdf with the signature of the professor or an unsigned plain pdf would do?? because it is almost impossible for me to get the reco signed"}
{"time":"29 Sep 2013 22:34","tag":"Topics in Letters of Recommendation (1/1) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"429","replies":1,"head":"DOUBTS REGARDING LORs","ans":["Hi, 3 are more than enough. Overdoing it will not help by any means !"],"ques":"Hi friends, Most of the universities ask for MINIMUM 3 letter of recommendations. Will it be good to give 4 LORs? Or is it unnecessary?? Thank you in advance."}
{"time":"02 Oct 2013 20:36","tag":"Topics in Letters of Recommendation (1/1) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"370","replies":1,"head":"Time taken for LOR process","ans":["Hi Supriya, 1) A university can follow either of the two processes. i) They will only mail them once you submit the application. ii) There'll be a tab beside the recommender's details saying 'inform recommender' or 'mail recommender'. Only when you click on that, will the mail be sent to him/her. 2) The recommender will have to rate you on certain parameters. After that he/she will be asked to either upload a letter or write in the space provided. 3) Its immediate ! 4) nope. They can be called at a later stage !"],"ques":"Hi, I had a few questions about the LOR. Most universities ask for name and email ID of the 3 people who will give letters of recommendation. The college will email them the link to upload LOR directly. 1. Do I need to submit the final application for them to send the link to my 3 referees to upload LOR or will they send it as soon as I give the email IDs even though I have not yet submitted the online application and paid the fees? 2. Does the recommender (for lack of a better word !!) have to type in his recommendation in the website or upload a PDF/scanned copy of the letter on his letterhead? 3. How long does it usually take for the link to upload LOR to be sent to the recommenders? 4. Do the recommenders need to do anything else apart from uploading the LOR? Would really appreciate any info on all this. Thanks in advance !"}
{"time":"08 Oct 2013 14:50","tag":"Topics in Letters of Recommendation (1/1) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"414","replies":1,"head":"lor query | provide email id or get it written","ans":["See LoR on the Application Process - stupidsid.com/index.php/post-grad/ms-in-...g-to-us-universities The procedure is mentioned."],"ques":"While asking my seniors about the procedure for sending lor, they mentioned that they had it written by the prof and had sent a scan copy of that and didnt give email id of their profs do univ, which is the standard procedure universities ask for. Stuck in this dilemma, please clear my confusion. Accordingly I can approach my professors for lors.. Thank you"}
{"time":"23 Jan 2014 18:05","tag":"Topics in Work Experience, Internship & Activities (1/1) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"387","replies":2,"head":"internship&activities","ans":["Hey Pranav,extracurricular activities are important for your development,but please don't have the attitude that it is something you have to do for getting admission.Do things you like in your respective field.But if its admission that you are worried about then the best you can do is publish a paper or do internship.Sports can be a contributing factor but only if you play at national level or so.Being part of a council is good but its not a deciding factor.Its just icing on your cake.","thanks"],"ques":"want to know about actual which type of Extracurricular activities matter in the admission process?"}
{"time":"14 Dec 2013 19:30","tag":"Topics in Work Experience, Internship & Activities (1/1) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"347","replies":1,"head":"Work exp related query plz help","ans":["It will not affect your future anyway but it may not be the right direction if you're looking to go into development. There are ample start ups where there's a lot to learn. Do not simple join a company because of the brand name. Understand what are you going to work and how much that will leave an impact on your applications and future ambitions."],"ques":"hi @subham i need advice. I wish to do MS in fall 2015. As of now im 2013 passout and newly working as software tester in one of american MNC. I wanted job profile in developing but i got in testing. Will that affect me in future in MS. Because i wont be having developing experience. Do reply.."}
{"time":"09 Sep 2013 11:28","tag":"Topics in Work Experience, Internship & Activities (1/1) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"752","replies":6,"head":"Work experience","ans":["Yes, of course! Nature of work is more important than the tag of the company.","Thanks for replying Shubham. I have another query related to same. I'm placed on the project that is already about to complete. After that i would be placed on another plroject that is 50% complete till now. I wish to know should i mention both the project as my work experience while applying. Or should i mention not any of them as i have been place on it in mid and not from starting Please reply.","No no! Mention about both. Focus on the current one and its learning. In a line or two, state about your next project that would be handed over to you in abc - xyz duration and you're excited about a new learning. They are addicted to applicants who have the knack for learning.","ok thank you shubham for reply. I have another query.. Is it necessary to know Android or iOS? Because what I have seen is 99% student aiming for MS in CS knows Android and few suggested me to learn Android? Please reply.","Not really. Depends on the kind of subjects you take. If you're keen on developing operating system for mobiles and tablets or phablets, it's certainly a big advantage if you've prior knowledge about these OS."],"ques":"I'm currently working as a PHP developer in small-scale company. Will this experience be useful for me to do MS in CS. Please reply"}
{"time":"18 Nov 2013 17:35","tag":"Topics in Work Experience, Internship & Activities (1/1) - Stupidsid Discussion Forums - Stupidsid.com","views":"364","replies":2,"head":"work experience and backlogs","ans":["Transcripts will speak about everything. Attested final marksheets of each semester is also required.","Ok thats good because my 5th sem failed marksheet is lost so i will apply with all the 8 sem marksheets. Also could you tell me how much of a factor does work ex count since my acaads are on the lower side(aggre55%) have 2 years work ex"],"ques":"Hi I just want to know that is kt marksheets also required at the time of admission to universities.I have all 8 sem marksheets with me but not the marksheets in which i got backlogs Regards!"}
